America will visit the University of Guadalajara at the Jalisco Stadium
on October 8, 1923
america composed authors of the three goals by two
the minute 43 of the second part when the referee as a contribution in favor of the
udeg and
ricardo chávarri is ready to charge but toño of the towers of the tiger
the midfielder fell to the ground and the umpire ejected approved today
in his anger Chavarín goes to the place what is of the tower even the
soil and the fauna of the most dramatic kicks you can remember
hahahaha efe / ep
but to eat
to the Pakistani capital
Ricardo Peralta
all the political noise censured him this football show kevin tracks could
endangering Antonio's life from the tower
peck another case of aggression some referee happened on the grass of the
mexico stadium 68 when the pumas faced Guadalajara on 30
August 1998 cougars lost one by zero and the game that was close to his
culmination then the Argentinian cristian zermattén committed a foul
that earned him the referee red card felipe ramos rizo zermattén
satellite account and the python header the referee acted a bit the hit
oppose the regime
the next goal I will trust your set Oct 29
this past year
europe will operate until yesterday
However for Spain
efe
the first of April 2001 pomar de america clashed in town
university at minute 72 a rumble knowing that distinctive elements was a
story that he had just turned a few meters to the line judge
making him fall to the peak
the match was discontinued the decoration did not cause major damage to
languages ​​but prevented him from continuing in the game and had to be replaced by the
fourth official 8
in 2002 the america receives in his field the iron ponies of the atlante
the match with good results when suddenly
it's about Japan closed with a fall of 8%
added
then percent of the flow among others
rivers fell to the ground by a detonation of a post in its crosshairs by the
culture
fortunately after a few minutes the check was resumed
it was the year of 1993 and there was in the Aztec stadium in a friendly match between
the Mexican and the athletic team of madrid
a good show with a ballot on both sides
but then ramírez ratified that the myth exists in a real campaign
and attention because the strip of gaza will attack street
apparently the woman
Conversely
It should be remembered that the source reporters